fix(docs): remove stale docs + small updates (#239)
michaelneale/decentralized-inference: docs/CI_GUIDANCE.md

## Cache boundaries

GPU cache behavior is intentionally asymmetric.

- PR CI restores warmed GPU caches.
- `warm-caches.yml` writes warmed GPU caches for `main`.
- Cache keys and pruning rules should stay explicit and deterministic.
- CI cache tuning in scripts and workflows should not be weakened just to make packaging easier.

## Build shape rules

Keep CI validation shape separate from release shape.

- PR CPU and macOS lanes should stay optimized for fast feedback.
- PR CUDA and ROCm lanes should stay slim and representative.
- Release-only settings such as broader GPU matrices or safer full release defaults must remain release-only.
- Do not silently disable release safety settings for shipping artifacts.

## Script expectations

The workflow design depends on the build scripts preserving the distinction between CI-friendly and release-friendly builds.

- `scripts/build-linux.sh` should keep support for pinned llama.cpp SHAs used for deterministic cache correctness.
- CI-only opt-outs should stay clearly scoped as CI-only behavior.
- Release-oriented defaults should remain the safer defaults for shipping builds.

> ## AMD naming

Author: ```suggestion
## AMD / Nvidia / Intel naming
```

> AMD aliases are acceptable when they improve readability, but they should remain thin wrappers over the ROCm behavior rather than introducing new artifact semantics.

Author: ```suggestion
Vendor aliases are acceptable when they improve readability, but they should remain thin wrappers over the ROCm / CUDA / oneAPI behavior rather than introducing new artifact semantics.
```
